You... you're not falling asleep?
This is reincarnation.
That old fairy really exists
Send me 49 games
Means I can reincarnate 49 times
Honey, are you alright?
I can't let them know about my situation
I have to keep loading
Ah, I'm fine.
I just woke up to see you
Hey husband
Is there anyone else in this room besides you?
You heard wrong.
No one else
Not really. No, actually.
Madam your tea
By the way, how is Butler Chen's injury?
No life-threatening for now
But there seems to be something wrong with my brain
Butler Chen is really unlucky
Walking and falling
I hit my head against the wall
I guess it's old
Let's go and see him tomorrow.
Uh, Butler Chen needs admiration
Let's leave him alone
Besides, he's just a servant
Don't bother so much, ma'am
Kim Mi-ki, are you teaching me how to do things?